Revert: remove children from Dropdown type (#172)
lightspeed/flame: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Note that in the above example you need to run `yarn link` inside the `dist` folder of a given package. If you're not seeing local changes reflected in your project, you may need to run `yarn build` inside the `packages/flame` folder and then restart your project's web server or [typescript server](https://tinytip.co/tips/vscode-restart-ts).

When you are finished, here's how you can unlink the local version of flame from your project:

```sh
yarn unlink "@lightspeed/flame" # unlink your local flame
yarn install --force # reinstall published flame
```

> You may also have to restart your TS server again as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may also have to restart your TypeScript server again.
```
